There is one more very important property that I would like my user object to return and it is the user
ID.
Usually when a new user is created the returned user object, it contains a unique I.D. of this new
user.
So in this video, listen, I'm going to make my create user method, generate user items.
Well.
And to do that, I will use these same this method.
So I'm going to add one more assertion here.
Now, ideally, we should always aim to have only one strong assertion per test method, because creating
a very long list of different assertions in a single this method is a bad practice.
The best practice is to have one test method, to test one specific functionality, and to have one
strong assertion for it.
But there use cases when it makes sense to add multiple assertions in a single test mounted.
And in my opinion, this test method is a good example.
I could create five separate test methods to validate each of these user properties separately.
But since these assertions simply check that the user object is created and its values are set.
In my opinion, it makes good sense to keep these assertions in this same test method for other use
cases.
I will, of course, create separate test methods.
All right, so let's generate a user idea.
I will continue to use intel driven development approach and I will start writing test first.
I will use assert not now assertion.
User get 80.
Now my code does not compile because user object does not have a getter for property id, so I'll need
to work on that.
I will open who requires and I will add a new instance.
Foreign ball.
I will update constructor to initialize this property.
And I will add a guitar method to return this volume.
All right.
So let's save changes in our other class and go back to test method.
Now the compile error is now gone and I will also add a message that will be displayed if this assertion
fails.
For example, user ID is missing now because there are no more errors.
I can try running my test method.
Let's try.
And my test meant that France.
Using cannot be applied to given types and the errors taken in user service implementation class.
Here I'm creating a user object and to be able to create it, I need to add one more parameter which
is going to be user ID.
Now I will use your ID to generate a unique value.
Like this.
Now I will save my user service implementation clause and I will try running my test method one more
time.
And now it passes.
Let's minimize console.
All right.
So we have assertions to validate if the object is not now and we have assertions to validate it.
First name, last name, email address are correct.
And if ID is also set.
If I need to validate other use cases like for example, if I need to validate the minimum length and
the maximum length of user, first name or user, last name or any of this properties, then I will
create separate test methods.
Also create a separate test method.
For example, if I need to validate the length or the strength of the password, or if I need to validate
that email address has correct format, all of these formulations will be already separate use cases
and that will use separate test methods for that.
For example, in the following lesson, we will consider a negative scenario for which we will need
to create a separate test meant Let's continue.